README.md, before:

# Awesome Puppet


A curated list of amazingly awesome puppet resources inspired by @bayandin's [awesome-awesomeness](https://github.com/bayandin/awesome-awesomeness).

Your pull requests are very welcome! Let's make this the awesomest resource for Puppet!

- [Awesome Puppet](#awesome-puppet)
    - [Integrated Development Enviroments](#integrated-development-enviroments)
    - [Documentation](#documentation)
    - [Module Management](#module-management)
    - [Build Tools](#build-tools)
    - [Testing](#testing)
- [Other Awesome Lists](#other-awesome-lists)

## Integrated Development Enviroments

*IDEs and Editors for development*

* [Atom](https://github.com/atom/atom) - The hackable editor by GitHub
**  [Puppet plugin](https://github.com/atom/language-puppet) - The Puppet plugin for Atom
* [Gepetto](http://puppetlabs.github.io/geppetto/index.html) - The Puppet IDE developed by PuppetLabs, an eclipse plugin
* [Sublime](http://www.sublimetext.com/) - Non-FOSS text editor for MacOS X
** [SublimePuppet](https://github.com/russCloak/SublimePuppet) - Puppet syntax for Sublime
** [SublimeLinter Puppet](https://github.com/stopdropandrew/SublimeLinter-puppet-lint) - Sublime Linter plugin for Puppet
* [Textmate](https://github.com/textmate/textmate) - FOSS text editor for MacOS X
** [Puppet Bundle](https://github.com/cburyta/puppet-textmate.tmbundle) - Textmate bundle for Puppet
* [RubyMine](https://www.jetbrains.com/ruby/) - Code editor for Windows/Mac/Linux (not free or FOSS)
** [Puppet language support plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/7180) - also compatible with other editors

## Documentation

*Libraries for generating project documentation.*
* [HereDoc](http://puppet-on-the-edge.blogspot.nl/2014/03/heredoc-is-here.html) - HereDoc support for Puppet

## Module Management

*Libraries for module management.*
* [Librarian Puppet](http://librarian-puppet.com/) - Flexible module management for your puppet repository

## Build Tools

*Libraries for building and task running*
* [Puppet Lint](https://github.com/rodjek/puppet-lint) Check that your Puppet manifest conform to the style guide

## Testing

*Testing frameworks.*
* [Rspec Puppet](https://github.com/rodjek/rspec-puppet) RSpec tests for your Puppet Manifests
* [Beaker](https://github.com/puppetlabs/beaker) Puppet acceptance testing harness
* [Kitchen](http://kitchen.ci/)
* [Kitchen Puppet](https://github.com/neillturner/kitchen-puppet)
* [Using kitchen with puppet](http://ehaselwanter.com/en/blog/2014/05/08/using-test-kitchen-with-puppet/)

# Other Awesome Lists

Other amazingly awesome lists can be found in the [awesome-awesomeness](https://github.com/bayandin/awesome-awesomeness) list.

# Contributing

Your contributions are always welcome!

Commit message:

Added Puppet Bolt to list.

README.md, after:

# Awesome Puppet


A curated list of amazingly awesome puppet resources inspired by @bayandin's [awesome-awesomeness](https://github.com/bayandin/awesome-awesomeness).

Your pull requests are very welcome! Let's make this the awesomest resource for Puppet!

- [Awesome Puppet](#awesome-puppet)
    - [Integrated Development Enviroments](#integrated-development-enviroments)
    - [Documentation](#documentation)
    - [Module Management](#module-management)
    - [Build Tools](#build-tools)
    - [Testing](#testing)
    - [Puppet Tools](#puppet-tools)
- [Other Awesome Lists](#other-awesome-lists)

## Integrated Development Enviroments

*IDEs and Editors for development*

* [Atom](https://github.com/atom/atom) - The hackable editor by GitHub
**  [Puppet plugin](https://github.com/atom/language-puppet) - The Puppet plugin for Atom
* [Gepetto](http://puppetlabs.github.io/geppetto/index.html) - The Puppet IDE developed by PuppetLabs, an eclipse plugin
* [Sublime](http://www.sublimetext.com/) - Non-FOSS text editor for MacOS X
** [SublimePuppet](https://github.com/russCloak/SublimePuppet) - Puppet syntax for Sublime
** [SublimeLinter Puppet](https://github.com/stopdropandrew/SublimeLinter-puppet-lint) - Sublime Linter plugin for Puppet
* [Textmate](https://github.com/textmate/textmate) - FOSS text editor for MacOS X
** [Puppet Bundle](https://github.com/cburyta/puppet-textmate.tmbundle) - Textmate bundle for Puppet
* [RubyMine](https://www.jetbrains.com/ruby/) - Code editor for Windows/Mac/Linux (not free or FOSS)
** [Puppet language support plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/7180) - also compatible with other editors

## Documentation

*Libraries for generating project documentation.*
* [HereDoc](http://puppet-on-the-edge.blogspot.nl/2014/03/heredoc-is-here.html) - HereDoc support for Puppet

## Module Management

*Libraries for module management.*
* [Librarian Puppet](http://librarian-puppet.com/) - Flexible module management for your puppet repository

## Build Tools

*Libraries for building and task running*
* [Puppet Lint](https://github.com/rodjek/puppet-lint) Check that your Puppet manifest conform to the style guide

## Testing

*Testing frameworks.*
* [Rspec Puppet](https://github.com/rodjek/rspec-puppet) RSpec tests for your Puppet Manifests
* [Beaker](https://github.com/puppetlabs/beaker) Puppet acceptance testing harness
* [Kitchen](http://kitchen.ci/)
* [Kitchen Puppet](https://github.com/neillturner/kitchen-puppet)
* [Using kitchen with puppet](http://ehaselwanter.com/en/blog/2014/05/08/using-test-kitchen-with-puppet/)

## Puppet Tools
* [Puppet Bolt](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt)  A Ruby command-line tool for executing commands, scripts, and tasks on remote systems using SSH and WinRM. Great for 'ad hoc' task execution. Bolt tasks can be written in any scripting/programming language.

# Other Awesome Lists

Other amazingly awesome lists can be found in the [awesome-awesomeness](https://github.com/bayandin/awesome-awesomeness) list.

# Contributing

Your contributions are always welcome!
